Docs(web-twig): Document correctly when the goBackTitle prop is required in Breadcrumbs #DS-921 (#1350)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web-twig/src/Resources/components/Breadcrumbs/README.md

### API

| Name          | Type     | Default | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ------------- | -------- | ------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `elementType` | `string` | `nav`   | ✕        | HTML tag to render                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | `goBackTitle` | `string` | —       | ✕        | Title/translation for back link to previous page on mobile. It's required to be set along with `items`. If items property is not passed, backlink is to be created within children property. |

Reviewer: Maybe a slight improvement so it's clearer?

```suggestion
| `goBackTitle` | `string` | —       | ✕        | Title/translation for backlink to previous page on mobile. It's required to be set when `items` are present. If the `items` property is not passed, the backlink needs to be created manually within the children elements. |
```
